docs: add node v24 warning to README (#5724)
DataDog/dd-trace-js: README.md

## Version Release Lines and Maintenance

> > **Node.js v24 Notice**: We're currently adding compatibility for Node.js v24. To use the tracer with your application either continue to use Node.js v22 (LTS), or use both of the following workarounds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Node.js v24 Notice**: We're currently adding compatibility for Node.js v24. To use the tracer with your application either continue to use Node.js v22 (LTS), or do both of the following as workaround:
```

## Version Release Lines and Maintenance

> > **Node.js v24 Notice**: We're currently adding compatibility for Node.js v24. To use the tracer with your application either stick with Node.js v22 (LTS) or install at least version v5.52.0 of the tracer and set `--no-async-context-frame` either using a CLI argument or via `NODE_OPTIONS` as a workaround. Once support for Node.js v24 is complete this workaround will no longer be needed.

Reviewer: Also replace `stick with` with something like `use` or `continue to use`.
